Add Bazel Test Optimization setup docs (#37551)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/setup/java.md

|---|---|
| Gradle | >= 2.0 |
| Maven | >= 3.2.1 |

> | Bazel | Preview |

Reviewer: it looks like the "Version" value is the minimum version of the build system. for Bazel, wouldn't that be one of [these](https://bazel.build/release)?

Author: Fixed

> Use Datadog's official [Bazel rules for Java tests][bazel-java] to configure Test Optimization for Java test targets in Bazel.

Reviewer: I think it's worth putting this in a callout, so it's harder to miss!

```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">If you use Bazel to run Java tests, use the Datadog <a href="/tests/setup/bazel/java/">Bazel rules for Java tests</a>.</div>
```

[8]: /tests/#parameterized-test-configurations
[9]: https://junit.org/junit5/docs/current/user-guide/#writing-tests-parameterized-tests-display-names
[10]: /tracing/trace_collection/compatibility/java#integrations

> [bazel-java]: /tests/setup/bazel/java/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
